I didn't know that. What's that for? Hello. Hello.
How are you doing? What is your name? Tell them your
name. Who are you? I'm Brian. Brian who? Brian
Dillard. Where are you from, Brian? Where do you
live, Brian? I'm from here. From where? I don't
know. Wiley? Wiley. Are you from Wiley? It's
Wiley. Yeah. Yeah. Wiley. Uh-huh. How did you get
to Grandma and Grandpa's house? On a train. Did you
ride the train? And who did you ride with? Um,
Steven and Winnie and Mom. Is that right? And is
this Steven here with you right now? Uh-huh. And
would you tell us your name, young man? I'm Steven .
Wow. That's a nice name. He's confusing. He is
confusing. Is that right, Wiley? Yeah. I don't
think so. And where is your home, Steven? At Wiley,
Texas. At Wiley, Texas. And how did you get to
grandmother and grandpa's house? By a train. On a
train? Uh-huh. And what did you do while you were on
the train? Do you remember anything about that
train ride? We went to the market. We ate. Yeah, and
we sat in our chairs, and when we were there, we got
off the train. And we drove to Grand Town. Yeah.
Well, what happened to you before you got on the
train? Tell us about that. Well, well, well, see,
we had a hard time finding the college station
train. You had a hard time finding the college
station train. What happened to that train, and
was it late? Um, yeah!
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! The make-up won't turn nice like
this. It'll probably be too loud if you talk like
that. Let's ask this young lady here how she liked
that train ride. Did you ride the train? Yes or no?
Did you ride the train? And what is your name? Did
you tell us your name? And do you live in Wiley,
Texas too? Is that right? And your brothers are
Brian and Steven? Is that right? Hey, can I talk?
Can you put the microphone by my mouth? Yeah,
that's the way. Can you make a noise in there,
Britton? Can you make a noise in there, Britton?
All right, say hi. Hey, I want to make fun of. We went
on a train to see Grant and Grant was held. And, and,
and. And we got on the train, but it took a long time.
And Jeremy and Adina just took us and... It won't
work if you put your mouth in it. And it was a long
time to a train to get here.
And there were three conductors. Three what?
Three conductors. Three conductors. Do you agree
with that? Yeah. Yeah. Would you ride the train
again if you had the chance? Yeah. Did you enjoy the
train ride? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We had a fun time on
the train. We had a fun time on the train. Good. Do
you expect to ride the train again soon? Yeah.
Where are you going this time? We're going to
Riley. Hello? Riley. What did you say, Brittany?
Did you say something?
This is your last chance.
I want to make another tape. OK, you're making it
right now. Yeah, can we make it with another tape?
Yeah, go ahead. Okay, can I go first? Okay. This is
Brian speaking. Grandma and Grandpa, we went on
the train to see who Uncle Colin is. And Uncle Colin
was a few feet above us, but he didn't know us. Then
we went on the train to see him again. And we sat on a
bed where on the train. And we saw probably don't be
wouldn't grow. It was confusing because little
world came walking, walking, giving us donuts.
And
everybody wanted a pillow, so we cooked one and
everybody else cooked one. And it was confusing on
the train, so we went for a little walk on the train
and got into a maze. And finally, we ate all the hot
dogs and all the bread on the train. We made a big
mess and tear, and floated, and we were at there.
And then we drive to Christian Request to go on the
couch, and we were, and I was tired, and we went and
got in the trees, and we slipped in the tree, and a
woman who was, and he could not do this there. He
could not do it either. And his hands were messing
it up. And Grover came and said, hi, bye-bye, we're
going, bye! Bye! He was sitting in that glass,
speaking, and we came on the drive to see Robert
Aguilera, and Brian banged on his head. and he
got wet on the shoes and he put on the water and he got
on the shoes and he tied up the clothes and
he chopped off the hair and he got off the ice. And
they cut off their bone hairs. And they took away
Grandpa and Grandpa's house. And they took away
the bone hair donut. And they took away Grandpa and
Grandpa's house. Hey, can I do it now, Grandpa?
Hello, this is Stephen speaking.
Um,
here this is Steven speaking today to, uh, Sonny
Glasser and Ryan that will throw his head on the bar
and get himself all dirty and stuck. And
he will chop his head off And he would throw his bow
on his face. And he would get his blood off. And he
would laugh. And Brittany just went to work. And
she got some diapers on. And her hair has grown all
over her face. And I'm speaking under the
microphone. Now we may start with Brian.
Hi, this is Ryanator Stupid Ed. When you're
talking, when you're talking, we have a specimen
of this little lady talking. This is Ryan
speaking. In this car, we have a big piece of bread,
a big piece of donut, and a big piece of house.
Everybody knows something. I will say. There's
loads of business here. And
pies on the face. And even though there are stupid
hands and a way to go a stupid body. And a stupid
weekend. And a stupid life. And you have a stupid
day. Bye-bye. We got a new good day. We got a good
day. We got a more good day. Bye-bye.
Hold
it right
here. You don't have to hold it on top.
Don't hold your mouth on it. See, hold it over here.
This is a loudspeaker hand. We're going to have a
loudspeaker hand coming. A loudspeaker hand
coming. A loudspeaker come back.
Mr. President speaking. Today we will talk to Poo
Poo Brian. And they are together are Amy B. You have
a shut-up time. And you have a shut-up day.
Bye-bye. You have a shut-up day. He is being really
stupid. But now we make talk. Nobody will be grumpy
to get the time. Okay.
This
is Bob speaking. You have a loudspeaker. Hi.
Okay. Steven's done. Is he? No, but Steven already
had a turn. You already had a turn? He is Howie
speaking. It's Grover speaking. Look, leave this
alone. Know this part, okay? Well, I thought we
wouldn't hear it. Well, you'll hear it after
you're through. You ready to hear it now? Yeah.